real/20230925_sbsnews5_4.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230914sbsenter_4.wav eval Female bonafide
real/podcast_1.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230926_HanJuneTV_6.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230722_Deep_9.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/KKONGCHI_5.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230927_ytnweather_1.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/typecast_changbae_5.wav eval Male spoof
fake/footballmaster_5.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230914_mbcnews_japan_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Morgan_Freeman_Singularity_4.wav eval Male spoof
fake/GangWonFC_NEWS_9.wav eval Female spoof
fake/Howtomake_AIcover_2.wav eval Male spoof
fake/HaeRin_AIcover_FirstLove_9.wav eval Female spoof
fake/AI_SWINGS_DITTO_2.wav eval Male spoof
real/230916_Deep_9.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/2021_04_17_AI_ANCHOR_2.wav eval Male spoof
fake/Double_9.wav eval Male spoof
real/221124_Hansal_8.wav eval Female bonafide
real/20230925_sbsnews3_3.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/FreddieMercury_AIcover_oortCloud_10.wav eval Male spoof
fake/YounHa_AIcover_sim_2.wav eval Female spoof
real/230916TOTvsSHE_8.wav eval Male bonafide
real/elle_yeji_10.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/GScampus_8.wav eval Female spoof
real/201127_ItalyFabri_1.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Donghyun_8.wav eval Male spoof
real/ConanShow_Carpool_4.wav eval Female+Male bonafide
real/chuucandoit_hair_7.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/LOL_WORLDS_REACTION_9.wav eval Female spoof
fake/kkultube_2.wav eval Female spoof
fake/kimjungeun_lol_7.wav eval Male spoof
real/TED_Cuddly_9.wav eval Male bonafide
real/Mark_Zuckerberg_Harvard_Address_8.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/GangWonFC_NEWS_3.wav eval Female spoof
fake/FreddieMercury_AIcover_oortCloud_4.wav eval Male spoof
fake/pullnpush_7.wav eval Male spoof
fake/typecast_changbae_1.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230919_ytn_weather_5.wav eval Female bonafide
real/20230925_sbsnews6_3.wav eval Male bonafide
real/bdns_lgtwins_10.wav eval Male bonafide
real/TED_Rabbit_7.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230920_SBS_japan_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/YTNScienceToday_Love_10.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Double_6.wav eval Male spoof
real/KBS_Soccer_Barain_5.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/pullnpush_3.wav eval Male spoof
real/2020president_chusuk_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/GGTIP_10_8.wav eval Male spoof
real/elle_yeji_5.wav eval Female bonafide
real/230723_Physical_3.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/YounHa_AIcover_sim_4.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230927_sbsmorning_8.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/TAKGUYAKI_4.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230925_sbsnews4_10.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/GScampus_3.wav eval Female spoof
fake/TAKGUYAKI_8.wav eval Female spoof
fake/20210702_AI_ANCHOR_9.wav eval Female spoof
fake/World_Running_Time_10.wav eval Female spoof
fake/AI_PARKMYUNGSOO_NEWJEANS_3.wav eval Male spoof
real/Obama_DNC_Speech_1.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Frontyard_4.wav eval Female spoof
real/chuucandoit_hair_9.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/pullnpush_4.wav eval Male spoof
fake/kkultube_6.wav eval Female spoof
real/Obama_DNC_Speech_4.wav eval Male bonafide
real/ESPN_POGBA_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230922_ImYuJin_6.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/brothers_karamazov_maleAI_2.wav eval Male spoof
real/TED_Cuddly_6.wav eval Male bonafide
real/YTNScienceToday_Love_8.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/AhnJiyoung_AIvoice_thorn_8.wav eval Female spoof
real/221124_Hansal_6.wav eval Female bonafide
real/ggondaehee_moonseyoon_4.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20200908_chungju_6.wav eval Male bonafide
real/bbc_news_korea_northkorea_2.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/SportsOneChaser_10.wav eval Female spoof
real/baseballgame_8.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230927_sbsmorning_4.wav eval Male bonafide
real/ggondaehee_moonseyoon_6.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/BrunoMars_Hypeboy_4.wav eval Male spoof
fake/YumiPick_8.wav eval Male spoof
fake/World_Running_Time_8.wav eval Female spoof
fake/2022_03_13_AI_WEATHER_3.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230925_ytnweather_6.wav eval Female bonafide
real/201127_ItalyFabri_7.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2022_01_21_AI_YOON_2.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230913_sbs_news_militaryminister_5.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/YounHa_AIcover_sim_9.wav eval Female spoof
fake/2021_11_22_AI_WEATHER_1.wav eval Female spoof
real/Conan_WhiteHouseSpeech_1.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230511_DexInterView_9.wav eval Male bonafide
real/choigangbaseball_talk_9_8.wav eval Male bonafide
real/youquiz_EP191_4.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/BrunoMars_AIcover_EentHorizon_5.wav eval Male spoof
real/KBS_Soccer_Barain_1.wav eval Male bonafide
real/Mark_Zuckerberg_Harvard_Address_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/KwonEunBi_4.wav eval Female spoof
fake/Yonsei_1.wav eval Male spoof
real/nbaissue_6.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230507_chuninbeom_7.wav eval Male bonafide
real/hotsikdang_ramen_7.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/kkultube_5.wav eval Female spoof
fake/BrunoMars_AIcover_EentHorizon_4.wav eval Male spoof
fake/LOL_Combi_7.wav eval Male spoof
fake/KimDongYull_EveryMoment_9.wav eval Male spoof
real/230921_GAMST_ManchesterUnited_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230913_SBSNEWS_JOB_8.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230907_MBC_BREXIT_5.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/World_Running_Time_7.wav eval Female spoof
fake/JangBeomJune_AIcover_monologue_7.wav eval Male spoof
real/choigangbaseball_talk_9_7.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230920_SBS_japan_8.wav eval Male bonafide
real/parkeunbin_interview_6.wav eval Female bonafide
real/230926_HanJuneTV_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/kimjungeun_lol_9.wav eval Male spoof
fake/footballmagazine365_3.wav eval Male spoof
fake/KimDongYull_EveryMoment_6.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230928_handonghoon_9.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230925_sbsnews7_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/jtbc_news_saban_2.wav eval Male bonafide
real/TED_BridgeRiddle_4.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/AhnJiyoung_AIvoice_thorn_3.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230927_ytnweather_4.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/Chutul_Cookie_3.wav eval Male spoof
real/230914_YTN_Yeogabu_8.wav eval Female bonafide
real/TED_benifits_of_bilingual_10.wav eval Female bonafide
real/netflix_dp_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/pullnpush_1.wav eval Male spoof
real/TOTLIV_INTERVIEW_4.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2022_01_21_AI_YOON_4.wav eval Male spoof
real/230913_SBSNEWS_JOB_5.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/JangBeomJune_AIcover_monologue_5.wav eval Male spoof
real/230714_Workman_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/KimDongYull_EveryMoment_10.wav eval Male spoof
fake/MissYou_ImJaeBum_2.wav eval Male spoof
fake/G-Dragon_AIvoice_firstlove_9.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230927_handonghoon_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230914_YTN_Yeogabu_9.wav eval Female bonafide
real/YTN_allinsoccer_7.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Donghyun_1.wav eval Male spoof
fake/AI_SWINGS_ETA_7.wav eval Male spoof
real/ODG_7and5_1.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/brothers_karamazov_maleAI_1.wav eval Male spoof
real/TED_INCA_6.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230925_ytnweather_10.wav eval Female bonafide
real/230913_SBSNEWS_Iphone_8.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Winter_AIcover_LoveRunAway_7.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230925_sbsnews3_1.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/IU_AIcover_dandelion_9.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230927_ytnweather_7.wav eval Female bonafide
real/stoveleague_clip_5.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/Gerrard_6.wav eval Male spoof
real/230916CITYvsWHU_10.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/KimDongYull_EveryMoment_7.wav eval Male spoof
fake/brothers_karamazov_femaleAI_6.wav eval Female spoof
fake/JangBeomJune_AIcover_monologue_6.wav eval Male spoof
real/230907_MBC_BREXIT_3.wav eval Male bonafide
real/presidentyoon_ai_4.wav eval Male bonafide
real/Obama_DNC_Speech_5.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/gridanews_3.wav eval Male spoof
real/chuucandoit_hair_5.wav eval Female bonafide
real/nbaissue_3.wav eval Male bonafide
real/TED_Prisoner_Riddle_5.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Double_8.wav eval Male spoof
fake/AhnJiyoung_AIvoice_thorn_10.wav eval Female spoof
real/230914_YTN_japan_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Dean_AIcover_Peaches_2.wav eval Male spoof
real/230914_Yonhap_Messi_1.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/ziroud_7.wav eval Male spoof
real/230917_MBCNEWS_PaikJongWon_9.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2021_12_21_AI_WEATHER_10.wav eval Female spoof
real/korea_vs_saudi_5.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/GD_AIcover_HypeBoy_5.wav eval Male spoof
fake/HANI_AIcover_OffMyFace_6.wav eval Female spoof
real/weathercast_1.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/AI_SWINGS_ETA_8.wav eval Male spoof
real/wkorea_danielle_7.wav eval Female bonafide
real/shootforlove_son1_4.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/typecast_hobin_8.wav eval Male spoof
fake/2021_10_05_AI_WEATHER_6.wav eval Female spoof
fake/LOL_Combi_5.wav eval Male spoof
fake/GGTIP_10_10.wav eval Male spoof
fake/2023_01_31_AI_WEATHER_1.wav eval Female spoof
fake/typecast_rion_5.wav eval Male spoof
fake/kimjungeun_lol_6.wav eval Male spoof
real/hotsikdang_chicken_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/221027_Hansal_5.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/HANI_AIcover_PainKiller_1.wav eval Female spoof
fake/pride_and_prejudice_maleAI_7.wav eval Male spoof
real/elle_songhyegyo_7.wav eval Female bonafide
real/20230925_sbsnews5_7.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230922_ImYuJin_2.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/footballmaster_1.wav eval Female spoof
real/bdns_lgtwins_4.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/KimKyungHo_AIcover_You_10.wav eval Male spoof
fake/Yonsei_6.wav eval Male spoof
fake/GangWonFC_NEWS_1.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230507_chuninbeom_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/YounHa_AIcover_sim_5.wav eval Female spoof
real/230916_Deep_1.wav eval Female bonafide
real/2020president_chusuk_3.wav eval Male bonafide
real/parkeunbin_interview_7.wav eval Female bonafide
real/kane_clip2_3.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/MonsterMouse_Goodbye_5.wav eval Male spoof
real/230914_YTN_Yeogabu_10.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/2023_06_03_AI_WEATHER_6.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230927_sbsmorning_7.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2022_02_04_AI_YOON_2.wav eval Male spoof
real/ODG_7and5_5.wav eval Female bonafide
real/20230926_jtbcnews_10.wav eval Male bonafide
real/elle_yeji_1.wav eval Female bonafide
real/221124_Hansal_5.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/GangWonFC_NEWS_7.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230925_ytnweather_2.wav eval Female bonafide
real/elle_hanni_7.wav eval Female bonafide
real/parkeunbin_interview_4.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/2022_03_13_AI_WEATHER_8.wav eval Female spoof
real/230916_Deep_8.wav eval Female bonafide
real/elle_yeji_3.wav eval Female bonafide
real/TED_INCA_5.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/kkultube_8.wav eval Female spoof
real/elle_yeji_9.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/HANI_AIcover_OffMyFace_4.wav eval Female spoof
fake/centorofrumor_1.wav eval Female spoof
fake/World_Running_Time_5.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230925_sbsnews5_9.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230511_DexInterView_4.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Winter_AIcover_LoveRunAway_5.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230919_ytn_weather_10.wav eval Female bonafide
real/221124_Hansal_4.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/2021_04_17_AI_ANCHOR_9.wav eval Male spoof
fake/AMF_8.wav eval Male spoof
real/elle_hanni_8.wav eval Female bonafide
real/201127_ItalyFabri_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/jeongdongwon_6.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/brothers_karamazov_femaleAI_5.wav eval Female spoof
fake/MissYou_ImJaeBum_8.wav eval Male spoof
fake/NDH_Blueclub_8.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230925_sbsnews2_2.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230913_SBSNEWS_JOB_4.wav eval Male bonafide
real/ESPN_POGBA_3.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/HANI_AIcover_Pretty_1.wav eval Female spoof
fake/Chutul_Cookie_6.wav eval Male spoof
real/ggondaehee_moonseyoon_7.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230831_MBC_Chef_1.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/AI_YOON_VIDEO2_2.wav eval Male spoof
real/youquiz_EP179_8.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/ziroud_6.wav eval Male spoof
real/230831_MBC_Chef_3.wav eval Female bonafide
real/sbsnews_1.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/Donghyun_2.wav eval Male spoof
fake/Josubin_naver_4.wav eval Female spoof
real/KLAB_Argentina_2.wav eval Female bonafide
real/Obama_DNC_Speech_7.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/AI_PARKMYUNGSOO_NEWJEANS_1.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230925_kbsnews8_5.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/KwonEunBi_10.wav eval Female spoof
real/230915_YTN_northkorea_4.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/AI_YOON_VIDEO2_5.wav eval Male spoof
fake/ziroud_10.wav eval Male spoof
real/Mark_Zuckerberg_Harvard_Address_4.wav eval Male bonafide
real/leejaemyung_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/bbc_news_korea_northkorea_1.wav eval Female bonafide
real/230925_MBC_Kangin_4.wav eval Male bonafide
real/YTN_allinsoccer_5.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Josubin_naver_1.wav eval Female spoof
real/230722_Deep_6.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/typecast_hobin_3.wav eval Male spoof
fake/2022_11_19_AI_WEATHER_3.wav eval Female spoof
fake/LOL_Dopa_2.wav eval Male spoof
real/jtbc_news_saban_1.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/IU_AIcover_writeyournumber_3.wav eval Female spoof
fake/20210702_AI_ANCHOR_2.wav eval Female spoof
fake/Leesooji_naver_7.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230928_handonghoon_6.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/brothers_karamazov_femaleAI_7.wav eval Female spoof
real/jeongdongwon_4.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/meanissue_1.wav eval Female spoof
real/wkorea_danielle_2.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/KKONGCHI_2.wav eval Male spoof
real/230914_Yonhap_Messi_7.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/Chutul_Cookie_9.wav eval Male spoof
real/230916TOTvsSHE_1.wav eval Male bonafide
real/Chuucandoit_EP76_6.wav eval Female bonafide
real/20230921_mbc_weather_8.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/todayistoday_3.wav eval Female spoof
fake/BrunoMars_AIcover_EentHorizon_7.wav eval Male spoof
fake/Donghyun_9.wav eval Male spoof
fake/2022_03_02_AI_ANCHOR_4.wav eval Female spoof
fake/typecast_changbae_3.wav eval Male spoof
real/KLAB_Argentina_9.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/ziroud_3.wav eval Male spoof
fake/Howtomake_AIcover_6.wav eval Male spoof
fake/Swiss_1.wav eval Female spoof
real/stoveleague_clip_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/ziroud_5.wav eval Male spoof
fake/KimDongYull_EveryMoment_1.wav eval Male spoof
real/chuucandoit_hair_3.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/JangBeomJune_AIcover_monologue_3.wav eval Male spoof
fake/gridanews_6.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230925_sbsnews6_2.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230610_Deep_6.wav eval Male bonafide
real/weathercast_3.wav eval Female bonafide
real/TED_BridgeRiddle_3.wav eval Male bonafide
real/TED_BridgeRiddle_7.wav eval Male bonafide
real/Mark_Zuckerberg_Harvard_Address_6.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/KimKyungHo_AIcover_You_2.wav eval Male spoof
real/tottenham_interview_8.wav eval Male bonafide
real/korea_vs_saudi_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/BUZZ_AIcover_haeyo_1.wav eval Male spoof
fake/typecast_changbae_6.wav eval Male spoof
real/230907_MBC_BREXIT_1.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230926_HanJuneTV_7.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/HANI_AIcover_OffMyFace_5.wav eval Female spoof
fake/kkultube_1.wav eval Female spoof
fake/GD_AIcover_HypeBoy_8.wav eval Male spoof
fake/20230710_AI_ANCHOR_2.wav eval Female spoof
fake/typecast_hobin_10.wav eval Male spoof
fake/Yonsei_8.wav eval Male spoof
fake/2021_11_22_AI_WEATHER_2.wav eval Female spoof
fake/Josubin_naver_10.wav eval Female spoof
fake/IU_AIcover_writeyournumber_7.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230927_sbsmorning_10.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/HongChul_3.wav eval Male spoof
real/230831_MBC_Chef_2.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/typecast_rion_1.wav eval Male spoof
fake/20230710_AI_ANCHOR_7.wav eval Female spoof
real/230915_YTN_northkorea_3.wav eval Female bonafide
real/20230925_sbsnews4_8.wav eval Male bonafide
real/ConanShow_Carpool_8.wav eval Female+Male bonafide
real/230916CITYvsWHU_6.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230511_DexInterView_7.wav eval Male bonafide
real/YTNScienceToday_Love_3.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230925_kbsnews8_6.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/GangWonFC_NEWS_4.wav eval Female spoof
real/230914_YTN_Yeogabu_7.wav eval Female bonafide
real/20230919_ytn_weather_9.wav eval Female bonafide
real/230917_MBCNEWS_PaikJongWon_6.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2023_06_03_AI_WEATHER_1.wav eval Female spoof
fake/pullnpush_8.wav eval Male spoof
fake/typecast_rion_7.wav eval Male spoof
real/ODG_7and5_2.wav eval Female bonafide
real/elle_hanni_4.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/YounHa_AIcover_sim_1.wav eval Female spoof
real/KLAB_Argentina_10.wav eval Female bonafide
real/230831_MBC_Chef_4.wav eval Female bonafide
real/230914_YTN_Yeogabu_6.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230925_sbsnews5_8.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/ISU_AIcover_snowflower_1.wav eval Male spoof
fake/2021_11_22_AI_WEATHER_6.wav eval Female spoof
real/230714_Workman_9.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/wonder0603_3.wav eval Female spoof
real/KoreaWales_soccergame_5.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/AI_SWINGS_ETA_5.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230507_chuninbeom_3.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230925_sbsnews2_4.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/AhnJiyoung_AIvoice_thorn_6.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230927_ytnweather_3.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/Morgan_Freeman_Singularity_6.wav eval Male spoof
real/nbaissue_1.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/kimjungeun_lol_10.wav eval Male spoof
real/230722_Deep_7.wav eval Male bonafide
real/bdns_lgtwins_3.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230914_YTN_japan_7.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/wonder0603_10.wav eval Female spoof
real/20200908_chungju_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230914sbsenter_5.wav eval Female bonafide
real/stoveleague_clip_4.wav eval Male bonafide
real/TED_Einsteinparadox_8.wav eval Female bonafide
real/230915_YTN_northkorea_5.wav eval Female bonafide
real/20230914_mbcnews_japan_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/choigangbaseball_talk_9_6.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/MissYou_ImJaeBum_1.wav eval Male spoof
fake/AI_PARKMYUNGSOO_NEWJEANS_10.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230920_yagubujang_10.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2022_03_13_AI_WEATHER_7.wav eval Female spoof
fake/SportsOneChaser_4.wav eval Female spoof
fake/LOL_Combi_8.wav eval Male spoof
fake/GD_AIcover_HypeBoy_1.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230927_ytnweather_5.wav eval Female bonafide
real/20230925_sbsnews6_4.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/KwonEunBi_6.wav eval Female spoof
real/elle_hanni_9.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/centorofrumor_9.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230927_ytnweather_6.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/todayistoday_6.wav eval Female spoof
fake/ZeroTang_7.wav eval Female spoof
real/TED_Rabbit_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/YTNScienceToday_Love_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/JangBeomJune_AIcover_monologue_10.wav eval Male spoof
real/parkeunbin_interview_8.wav eval Female bonafide
real/KoreaWales_soccergame_6.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2021_12_21_AI_WEATHER_8.wav eval Female spoof
real/230824_hanmoonchul_3.wav eval Male bonafide
real/Conan_WhiteHouseSpeech_8.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230914_Yonhap_Messi_5.wav eval Female bonafide
real/TED_Blob_Riddle_4.wav eval Male bonafide
real/KLAB_Argentina_6.wav eval Male bonafide
real/jeongdongwon_9.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/YumiPick_2.wav eval Male spoof
fake/2021_10_05_AI_WEATHER_1.wav eval Female spoof
real/tvshow_radiostar_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/kane_clip_5.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/HANI_AIcover_OffMyFace_2.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230106_chuninbeom_6.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Double_2.wav eval Male spoof
real/230716_Physical_7.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/MissYou_ImJaeBum_3.wav eval Male spoof
real/230914_YTN_Yeogabu_1.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/GD_AIcover_HypeBoy_7.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230921_mbc_weather_4.wav eval Female bonafide
real/20230914sbsenter_6.wav eval Female bonafide
real/230917_MBCNEWS_PaikJongWon_2.wav eval Male bonafide
real/ESPN_POGBA_4.wav eval Male bonafide
real/TED_BridgeRiddle_8.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/meanissue_3.wav eval Female spoof
fake/HongChul_2.wav eval Male spoof
fake/2022_03_13_AI_WEATHER_5.wav eval Female spoof
real/hotsikdang_ramen_3.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Winter_AIcover_LoveRunAway_10.wav eval Female spoof
fake/NDH_Blueclub_7.wav eval Male spoof
real/TOTLIV_INTERVIEW_7.wav eval Male bonafide
real/TED_benifits_of_bilingual_7.wav eval Female bonafide
real/TED_Rabbit_9.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/brothers_karamazov_maleAI_8.wav eval Male spoof
fake/HANI_AIcover_Pretty_6.wav eval Female spoof
real/ggondaehee_moonseyoon_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230708_SBS_AI_4.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230913_SBSNEWS_Iphone_1.wav eval Female bonafide
real/20230914sbsenter_1.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/MissYou_ImJaeBum_6.wav eval Male spoof
fake/Chutul_Cookie_1.wav eval Male spoof
fake/Leesooji_naver_10.wav eval Female spoof
fake/2022_11_19_AI_WEATHER_6.wav eval Female spoof
fake/centorofrumor_10.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230920_yagubujang_4.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/LOL_WORLDS_REACTION_3.wav eval Female spoof
fake/ImJaeBum_HypeBoy_3.wav eval Male spoof
fake/SportsOneChaser_6.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230925_ytnweather_4.wav eval Female bonafide
real/230913_SBSNEWS_Iphone_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230925_sbsnews6_8.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230701_Deep_1.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230926_jtbcnews_1.wav eval Male bonafide
real/221027_Hansal_10.wav eval Male bonafide
real/weathercast_2.wav eval Female bonafide
real/20230927_sbsmorning_6.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230925_ytnweather_5.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/2022_03_13_AI_WEATHER_6.wav eval Female spoof
real/230916CITYvsWHU_8.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230919_ytn_weather_8.wav eval Female bonafide
real/230907_MBC_BREXIT_8.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230925_sbsnews1_6.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230928_handonghoon_4.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/todayistoday_5.wav eval Female spoof
fake/GScampus_5.wav eval Female spoof
fake/Debate_4.wav eval Female spoof
real/230610_Deep_7.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/typecast_rion_3.wav eval Male spoof
fake/footballmagazine365_6.wav eval Male spoof
fake/IU_AIcover_nomatterwhere_9.wav eval Female spoof
fake/2021_04_15_AI_ANCHOR_2.wav eval Male spoof
fake/Double_10.wav eval Male spoof
fake/wonder0603_2.wav eval Female spoof
real/TED_Cuddly_7.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/HaeRin_AIcover_FirstLove_4.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230925_sbsnews2_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230913_sbs_news_airbnb_1.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2022_11_19_AI_WEATHER_4.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230925_sbsnews3_6.wav eval Male bonafide
real/KBS_Soccer_Barain_3.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/pullnpush_2.wav eval Male spoof
fake/MonsterMouse_Goodbye_6.wav eval Male spoof
fake/Josubin_naver_5.wav eval Female spoof
real/TOTLIV_INTERVIEW_2.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230610_Deep_5.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Yonsei_2.wav eval Male spoof
fake/pullnpush_10.wav eval Male spoof
fake/JangBeomJune_AIcover_monologue_1.wav eval Male spoof
real/Electricroad_bbcnews_3.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230914sbsenter_3.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/GScampus_4.wav eval Female spoof
real/jtbc_news_saban_3.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Leesooji_naver_8.wav eval Female spoof
fake/AI_ANCHOR_KIMJOOHA_3.wav eval Female spoof
real/youquiz_EP191_6.wav eval Male bonafide
real/TED_Rabbit_3.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230925_MBC_Kangin_9.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/ISU_AIcover_snowflower_3.wav eval Male spoof
fake/BrunoMars_Hypeboy_3.wav eval Male spoof
fake/ISU_AIcover_snowflower_2.wav eval Male spoof
fake/Tetris_2.wav eval Male spoof
real/230323_DexInterview_10.wav eval Female bonafide
real/230917_MBCNEWS_PaikJongWon_8.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230907_MBC_BREXIT_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2023_01_31_AI_WEATHER_4.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230925_sbsnews5_6.wav eval Male bonafide
real/ConanShow_Carpool_10.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230913_SBSNEWS_JOB_3.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230915_YTN_northkorea_6.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/Chick_3.wav eval Male spoof
real/parkeunbin_interview_3.wav eval Female bonafide
real/20230913_sbs_news_airbnb_3.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Josubin_naver_8.wav eval Female spoof
real/230925_MBC_Kangin_5.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2021_11_29_AI_WEATHER_2.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230927_handonghoon_10.wav eval Male bonafide
real/Mark_Zuckerberg_Harvard_Address_1.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230925_sbsnews3_7.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2023_01_31_AI_WEATHER_5.wav eval Female spoof
real/230914_YTN_japan_9.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/HANI_AIcover_Pretty_2.wav eval Female spoof
fake/AhnJiyoung_AIvoice_thorn_1.wav eval Female spoof
real/bdns_lgtwins_5.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/LOL_Dopa_10.wav eval Male spoof
fake/Swiss_9.wav eval Female spoof
fake/G-Dragon_AIvoice_firstlove_10.wav eval Male spoof
real/youquiz_EP191_8.wav eval Male bonafide
real/bdns_lgtwins_9.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Leesooji_naver_3.wav eval Female spoof
real/230921_GAMST_ManchesterUnited_3.wav eval Male bonafide
real/tottenham_interview_7.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/IU_AIcover_writeyournumber_2.wav eval Female spoof
real/230824_hanmoonchul_8.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/ziroud_1.wav eval Male spoof
fake/Leesooji_naver_5.wav eval Female spoof
fake/meanissue_10.wav eval Female spoof
fake/KimKyungHo_AIcover_You_4.wav eval Male spoof
fake/meanissue_8.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230925_sbsnews6_6.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230920_ytn_weather_5.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/LOL_Combi_9.wav eval Male spoof
fake/TrumpObamaBiden_monster_4.wav eval Male spoof
fake/2023_01_31_AI_WEATHER_10.wav eval Female spoof
fake/LOL_Combi_6.wav eval Male spoof
real/TED_Prisoner_Riddle_7.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/HANI_AIcover_PainKiller_10.wav eval Female spoof
fake/HongChul_1.wav eval Male spoof
fake/Frontyard_6.wav eval Female spoof
fake/KwonEunBi_1.wav eval Female spoof
fake/2023_01_31_AI_WEATHER_8.wav eval Female spoof
real/YTNScienceToday_Love_6.wav eval Male bonafide
real/youquiz_EP191_5.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Donghyun_4.wav eval Male spoof
real/230926_HanJuneTV_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230701_Deep_6.wav eval Female+Male bonafide
real/20200908_chungju_8.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230722_Deep_3.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/brothers_karamazov_femaleAI_2.wav eval Female spoof
real/korea_vs_saudi_6.wav eval Male bonafide
real/tottenham_interview_9.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/IU_AIcover_dandelion_1.wav eval Female spoof
fake/FBCKtv_4.wav eval Female spoof
real/230920_SBS_japan_6.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/FBCKtv_3.wav eval Female spoof
fake/IU_AIcover_dandelion_4.wav eval Female spoof
fake/ziroud_8.wav eval Male spoof
fake/2023_06_03_AI_WEATHER_3.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230920_ytn_weather_7.wav eval Female bonafide
real/230714_Workman_8.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/KimKyungHo_AIcover_You_8.wav eval Male spoof
real/bdns_lgtwins_1.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/IU_AIcover_nomatterwhere_1.wav eval Female spoof
real/elle_hanni_2.wav eval Female bonafide
real/korea_vs_saudi_7.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/YumiPick_10.wav eval Male spoof
fake/Chutul_Cookie_5.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230925_sbsnews7_7.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230921_MBC_KimHang_8.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/HANI_AIcover_PainKiller_4.wav eval Female spoof
fake/20210702_AI_ANCHOR_4.wav eval Female spoof
real/230915_YTN_northkorea_2.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/Winter_AIcover_LoveRunAway_1.wav eval Female spoof
real/230914_YTN_japan_8.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230323_DexInterview_5.wav eval Female bonafide
real/elle_yeji_6.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/Winter_AIcover_LoveRunAway_8.wav eval Female spoof
fake/TAKGUYAKI_6.wav eval Female spoof
fake/wonder0603_8.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230106_chuninbeom_8.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/typecast_hobin_2.wav eval Male spoof
real/2023president_chusuk_6.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Howtomake_AIcover_9.wav eval Male spoof
fake/Swiss_5.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230926_jtbcnews_7.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/2022_03_13_AI_WEATHER_4.wav eval Female spoof
real/tottenham_interview_4.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/kimjungeun_lol_2.wav eval Male spoof
fake/GangWonFC_NEWS_10.wav eval Female spoof
real/choigangbaseball_talk_9_2.wav eval Male bonafide
real/YTNScienceToday_Love_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/Chuucandoit_EP76_3.wav eval Female bonafide
real/20230925_sbsnews6_7.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230913_sbs_news_militaryminister_4.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Gerrard_4.wav eval Male spoof
real/Obama_DNC_Speech_10.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230913_sbs_news_airbnb_7.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230926_jtbcnews_6.wav eval Female bonafide
real/230723_Physical_10.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230714_Workman_4.wav eval Male bonafide
real/TED_Blob_Riddle_5.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/SportsOneChaser_5.wav eval Female spoof
fake/todayistoday_2.wav eval Female spoof
fake/AMF_7.wav eval Male spoof
real/ODG_7and5_6.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/ISU_AIcover_snowflower_7.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230920_ytn_weather_9.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/G-Dragon_AIvoice_firstlove_4.wav eval Male spoof
fake/Leesooji_naver_1.wav eval Female spoof
fake/Debate_9.wav eval Female spoof
real/bbc_news_korea_northkorea_5.wav eval Female bonafide
real/elle_songhyegyo_2.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/Tetris_4.wav eval Male spoof
fake/brothers_karamazov_maleAI_6.wav eval Male spoof
fake/KimDongYull_LikeIt_8.wav eval Male spoof
fake/KimKyungHo_AIcover_You_9.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230921_mbc_weather_6.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/IU_AIcover_nomatterwhere_6.wav eval Female spoof
real/ConanShow_Carpool_1.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230723_Physical_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/NDH_Blueclub_4.wav eval Male spoof
fake/IU_AIcover_nomatterwhere_4.wav eval Female spoof
real/TED_Prisoner_Riddle_9.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/TrumpObamaBiden_monster_9.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230927_ytnweather_8.wav eval Female bonafide
real/KLAB_Argentina_5.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2021_11_29_AI_WEATHER_4.wav eval Female spoof
fake/2023_06_03_AI_WEATHER_5.wav eval Female spoof
real/230914_Yonhap_Messi_2.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/2022_01_21_AI_YOON_5.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230925_sbsnews4_1.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/MissYou_ImJaeBum_7.wav eval Male spoof
real/230831_MBC_Chef_9.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/AMF_2.wav eval Male spoof
real/230723_Physical_1.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/KimDongYull_EveryMoment_5.wav eval Male spoof
fake/typecast_rion_8.wav eval Male spoof
real/youquiz_EP179_5.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2023_06_03_AI_WEATHER_10.wav eval Female spoof
fake/2021_04_17_AI_ANCHOR_1.wav eval Male spoof
fake/ImJaeBum_HypeBoy_8.wav eval Male spoof
fake/GD_AIcover_HypeBoy_4.wav eval Male spoof
real/230920_SBS_japan_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Howtomake_AIcover_7.wav eval Male spoof
fake/Frontyard_2.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230927_handonghoon_3.wav eval Male bonafide
real/netflix_dp_9.wav eval Male bonafide
real/elle_songhyegyo_9.wav eval Female bonafide
real/20230913_sbs_news_airbnb_4.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/MonsterMouse_Goodbye_4.wav eval Male spoof
fake/GD_AIcover_HypeBoy_9.wav eval Male spoof
real/230701_Deep_9.wav eval Female+Male bonafide
fake/BrunoMars_Hypeboy_9.wav eval Male spoof
fake/HANI_AIcover_OffMyFace_1.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230925_sbsnews1_3.wav eval Male bonafide
real/jeongdongwon_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/LOL_WORLDS_REACTION_10.wav eval Female spoof
fake/G-Dragon_AIvoice_firstlove_6.wav eval Male spoof
real/230610_Deep_8.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230716_Physical_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/TED_Rabbit_8.wav eval Male bonafide
real/TED_Blob_Riddle_1.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230511_DexInterView_1.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2021_10_05_AI_WEATHER_10.wav eval Female spoof
real/Electricroad_bbcnews_5.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/2022_03_02_AI_ANCHOR_1.wav eval Female spoof
fake/2021_12_21_AI_WEATHER_7.wav eval Female spoof
fake/2022_02_04_AI_YOON_1.wav eval Male spoof
real/2023president_chusuk_5.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/Donghyun_3.wav eval Male spoof
real/wkorea_danielle_5.wav eval Female bonafide
real/230917_MBCNEWS_PaikJongWon_4.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230917_MBCNEWS_PaikJongWon_7.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/HaeRin_AIcover_FirstLove_8.wav eval Female spoof
fake/Double_5.wav eval Male spoof
real/230921_GAMST_ManchesterUnited_4.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/TrumpObamaBiden_monster_3.wav eval Male spoof
real/KLAB_Argentina_8.wav eval Female bonafide
real/20230919_ytn_weather_2.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/2023_06_03_AI_WEATHER_4.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230920_ytn_weather_4.wav eval Female bonafide
real/230708_SBS_AI_7.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/AMF_6.wav eval Male spoof
real/230925_MBC_Kangin_6.wav eval Male bonafide
real/mnet_kimchaewon_1.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/TrumpObamaBiden_monster_10.wav eval Male spoof
fake/AMF_5.wav eval Male spoof
fake/wonder0603_5.wav eval Female spoof
real/baseballgame_4.wav eval Male bonafide
real/TOTLIV_INTERVIEW_8.wav eval Male bonafide
real/YTNScienceToday_Love_4.wav eval Male bonafide
real/TED_Prisoner_Riddle_10.wav eval Male bonafide
real/wkorea_danielle_3.wav eval Female bonafide
real/230921_MBC_KimHang_9.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230106_chuninbeom_3.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/AhnJiyoung_AIvoice_thorn_5.wav eval Female spoof
fake/2022_11_19_AI_WEATHER_2.wav eval Female spoof
fake/TAKGUYAKI_2.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230925_sbsnews7_8.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/BUZZ_AIcover_haeyo_2.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230925_ytnweather_7.wav eval Female bonafide
real/bbc_news_korea_northkorea_3.wav eval Female bonafide
real/hotsikdang_chicken_2.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230925_sbsnews7_6.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/SportsOneChaser_8.wav eval Female spoof
fake/2021_12_21_AI_WEATHER_5.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230925_sbsnews1_8.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/HANI_AIcover_Pretty_10.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230507_chuninbeom_4.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2022_03_02_AI_ANCHOR_2.wav eval Female spoof
real/Conan_WhiteHouseSpeech_3.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/brothers_karamazov_maleAI_7.wav eval Male spoof
fake/MonsterMouse_Goodbye_1.wav eval Male spoof
fake/MonsterMouse_Goodbye_2.wav eval Male spoof
fake/MonsterMouse_Goodbye_10.wav eval Male spoof
real/netflix_dp_6.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/20230710_AI_ANCHOR_6.wav eval Female spoof
real/TED_benifits_of_bilingual_2.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/LOL_Dopa_8.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230927_sbsmorning_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/footballmagazine365_5.wav eval Male spoof
real/TED_Blob_Riddle_8.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230925_sbsnews6_5.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/pride_and_prejudice_maleAI_4.wav eval Male spoof
fake/HANI_AIcover_PainKiller_5.wav eval Female spoof
fake/wonder0603_7.wav eval Female spoof
real/presidentyoon_ai_3.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/TrumpObamaBiden_monster_5.wav eval Male spoof
real/stoveleague_clip_8.wav eval Male bonafide
real/TED_BridgeRiddle_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/TED_Blob_Riddle_7.wav eval Male bonafide
real/leejaemyung_1.wav eval Male bonafide
real/tottenham_interview_6.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/LOL_WORLDS_REACTION_7.wav eval Female spoof
fake/Tetris_3.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230913_sbs_news_airbnb_2.wav eval Male bonafide
real/bbc_news_korea_northkorea_8.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/2021_04_17_AI_ANCHOR_5.wav eval Male spoof
real/230922_ImYuJin_4.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/2021_11_22_AI_WEATHER_7.wav eval Female spoof
real/Mark_Zuckerberg_Harvard_Address_9.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/MonsterMouse_Goodbye_8.wav eval Male spoof
real/230921_GAMST_ManchesterUnited_1.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/KimKyungHo_AIcover_You_6.wav eval Male spoof
real/230831_MBC_Chef_10.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/BrunoMars_Hypeboy_8.wav eval Male spoof
real/230925_MBC_Kangin_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/LOL_Dopa_1.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230927_sbsmorning_3.wav eval Male bonafide
real/TED_benifits_of_bilingual_3.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/BUZZ_AIcover_haeyo_7.wav eval Male spoof
real/230323_DexInterview_6.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/Josubin_naver_7.wav eval Female spoof
fake/Yonsei_3.wav eval Male spoof
fake/2021_12_21_AI_WEATHER_6.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230925_sbsnews2_8.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/GGTIP_10_9.wav eval Male spoof
fake/Swiss_8.wav eval Female spoof
real/tottenham_interview_3.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/HANI_AIcover_PainKiller_3.wav eval Female spoof
real/230920_SBS_japan_7.wav eval Male bonafide
real/stoveleague_clip_7.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/2021_04_15_AI_ANCHOR_7.wav eval Male spoof
fake/HANI_AIcover_PainKiller_8.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230919_ytn_weather_3.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/AI_ANCHOR_KIMJOOHA_1.wav eval Female spoof
real/230921_MBC_KimHang_6.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/meanissue_5.wav eval Female spoof
fake/AI_SWINGS_DITTO_9.wav eval Male spoof
real/TED_Blob_Riddle_9.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230914_mbcnews_japan_4.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Debate_5.wav eval Female spoof
fake/KimDongYull_LikeIt_6.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230925_sbsnews4_7.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2021_11_29_AI_WEATHER_6.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230927_sbsmorning_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230925_sbsnews5_3.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/meanissue_4.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230921_mbc_weather_3.wav eval Female bonafide
real/20230927_handonghoon_1.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/KKONGCHI_1.wav eval Male spoof
fake/HANI_AIcover_PainKiller_9.wav eval Female spoof
fake/GScampus_2.wav eval Female spoof
fake/KimDongYull_LikeIt_4.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230925_kbsnews8_4.wav eval Female bonafide
real/baseballgame_9.wav eval Male bonafide
real/netflix_dp_5.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/KimDongYull_EveryMoment_3.wav eval Male spoof
real/TED_INCA_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/TrumpObamaBiden_monster_7.wav eval Male spoof
fake/FBCKtv_5.wav eval Female spoof
real/230701_Deep_2.wav eval Male bonafide
real/shootforlove_son1_8.wav eval Male bonafide
real/Conan_WhiteHouseSpeech_4.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230925_MBC_Kangin_7.wav eval Male bonafide
real/TED_benifits_of_bilingual_5.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/Josubin_naver_2.wav eval Female spoof
real/201127_ItalyFabri_9.wav eval Male bonafide
real/KLAB_JeonJu_9.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/HaeRin_AIcover_FirstLove_7.wav eval Female spoof
fake/brothers_karamazov_femaleAI_1.wav eval Female spoof
real/TED_benifits_of_bilingual_1.wav eval Female bonafide
real/youquiz_EP179_7.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230913_SBSNEWS_JOB_6.wav eval Male bonafide
real/KLAB_Argentina_1.wav eval Female bonafide
real/Mark_Zuckerberg_Harvard_Address_7.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/typecast_hobin_4.wav eval Male spoof
fake/SportsOneChaser_9.wav eval Female spoof
real/TED_BridgeRiddle_2.wav eval Male bonafide
real/Conan_WhiteHouseSpeech_7.wav eval Male bonafide
real/Conan_WhiteHouseSpeech_6.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/wonder0603_6.wav eval Female spoof
real/230926_HanJuneTV_1.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/FreddieMercury_AIcover_oortCloud_2.wav eval Male spoof
real/201127_ItalyFabri_4.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/centorofrumor_6.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230507_chuninbeom_1.wav eval Male bonafide
real/221027_Hansal_7.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230925_sbsnews5_1.wav eval Male bonafide
real/TOTLIV_INTERVIEW_6.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230925_ytnweather_8.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/Double_3.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230925_sbsnews3_8.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2022_03_13_AI_WEATHER_9.wav eval Female spoof
fake/AI_SWINGS_DITTO_5.wav eval Male spoof
fake/HANI_AIcover_OffMyFace_7.wav eval Female spoof
real/shootforlove_son1_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230925_kbsnews8_9.wav eval Female bonafide
real/230916TOTvsSHE_6.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/World_Running_Time_9.wav eval Female spoof
real/KLAB_Argentina_3.wav eval Female bonafide
real/20230925_sbsnews7_10.wav eval Male bonafide
real/Conan_WhiteHouseSpeech_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2021_10_05_AI_WEATHER_2.wav eval Female spoof
fake/footballmaster_10.wav eval Female spoof
fake/meanissue_2.wav eval Female spoof
fake/AMF_4.wav eval Male spoof
real/TED_INCA_8.wav eval Male bonafide
real/youquiz_EP179_3.wav eval Male bonafide
real/parkeunbin_interview_2.wav eval Female bonafide
real/stoveleague_clip_6.wav eval Female bonafide
real/KLAB_Argentina_4.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/HongChul_5.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230927_handonghoon_7.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/FreddieMercury_AIcover_oortCloud_9.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230925_sbsnews1_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230926_HanJuneTV_8.wav eval Male bonafide
real/hotsikdang_chicken_6.wav eval Male bonafide
real/elle_haerin_1.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/AI_PARKMYUNGSOO_NEWJEANS_7.wav eval Male spoof
fake/BrunoMars_AIcover_EentHorizon_3.wav eval Male spoof
real/choigangbaseball_talk_9_4.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/FreddieMercury_AIcover_oortCloud_8.wav eval Male spoof
fake/World_Running_Time_6.wav eval Female spoof
real/230916TOTvsSHE_4.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230914_YTN_japan_4.wav eval Male bonafide
real/TED_Cuddly_8.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230914_YTN_Yeogabu_4.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/meanissue_7.wav eval Female spoof
fake/ZeroTang_5.wav eval Female spoof
fake/2022_11_19_AI_WEATHER_1.wav eval Female spoof
real/elle_songhyegyo_4.wav eval Female bonafide
real/230722_Deep_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20200908_chungju_10.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/NDH_Blueclub_6.wav eval Male spoof
real/youquiz_EP191_3.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230916CITYvsWHU_7.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/TAKGUYAKI_5.wav eval Female spoof
real/230831_MBC_Chef_5.wav eval Female bonafide
real/230723_Physical_6.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/MonsterMouse_Goodbye_7.wav eval Male spoof
fake/2023_06_03_AI_WEATHER_7.wav eval Female spoof
fake/2021_04_15_AI_ANCHOR_3.wav eval Male spoof
real/230701_Deep_4.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230925_MBC_Kangin_10.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/LOL_WORLDS_REACTION_8.wav eval Female spoof
real/mnet_kimchaewon_5.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/TAKGUYAKI_3.wav eval Female spoof
real/230610_Deep_9.wav eval Male bonafide
real/TED_BridgeRiddle_10.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2021_04_15_AI_ANCHOR_6.wav eval Male spoof
real/bbc_news_korea_northkorea_6.wav eval Female bonafide
real/elle_hanni_6.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/Gerrard_3.wav eval Male spoof
real/Chuucandoit_EP76_1.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/GGTIP_10_4.wav eval Male spoof
fake/Double_7.wav eval Male spoof
fake/Winter_AIcover_LoveRunAway_2.wav eval Female spoof
fake/KimDongYull_LikeIt_10.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230925_kbsnews8_2.wav eval Male bonafide
real/KLAB_JeonJu_4.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/YumiPick_5.wav eval Male spoof
real/2023president_chusuk_3.wav eval Male bonafide
real/news_2.wav eval Male bonafide
real/wkorea_danielle_6.wav eval Female bonafide
real/2023president_chusuk_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2023_01_31_AI_WEATHER_9.wav eval Female spoof
fake/BrunoMars_AIcover_EentHorizon_2.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230925_sbsnews7_2.wav eval Male bonafide
real/shootforlove_son1_7.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2022_11_19_AI_WEATHER_5.wav eval Female spoof
fake/footballmagazine365_8.wav eval Male spoof
fake/2021_04_17_AI_ANCHOR_10.wav eval Male spoof
fake/LOL_WORLDS_REACTION_4.wav eval Female spoof
real/netflix_dp_4.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Frontyard_3.wav eval Female spoof
fake/Josubin_naver_9.wav eval Female spoof
fake/FBCKtv_2.wav eval Female spoof
fake/Dean_AIcover_Peaches_8.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230925_kbsnews8_10.wav eval Female bonafide
real/230323_DexInterview_4.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/todayistoday_10.wav eval Female spoof
real/news_1.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/ZeroTang_3.wav eval Female spoof
real/230914_YTN_Yeogabu_5.wav eval Female bonafide
real/TED_INCA_3.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Gerrard_2.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230927_handonghoon_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/GGTIP_10_1.wav eval Male spoof
real/podcast_2.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230925_kbsnews8_8.wav eval Female bonafide
real/Mark_Zuckerberg_Harvard_Address_10.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/todayistoday_4.wav eval Female spoof
fake/Winter_AIcover_LoveRunAway_9.wav eval Female spoof
real/230824_hanmoonchul_6.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2021_11_29_AI_WEATHER_5.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230926_jtbcnews_5.wav eval Female bonafide
real/parkeunbin_interview_9.wav eval Female bonafide
real/230831_MBC_Chef_8.wav eval Female bonafide
real/221124_Hansal_7.wav eval Female bonafide
real/elle_songhyegyo_6.wav eval Female bonafide
real/20230925_sbsnews7_9.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/NDH_Blueclub_10.wav eval Male spoof
fake/FreddieMercury_AIcover_oortCloud_5.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230925_sbsnews1_9.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230921_MBC_KimHang_4.wav eval Male bonafide
real/TOTLIV_INTERVIEW_3.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230714_Workman_10.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/typecast_hobin_9.wav eval Male spoof
fake/HANI_AIcover_OffMyFace_10.wav eval Female spoof
real/221124_Hansal_1.wav eval Female bonafide
real/20200908_chungju_7.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/LOL_Combi_1.wav eval Male spoof
fake/Gerrard_8.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230927_sbsmorning_9.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/gridanews_5.wav eval Male spoof
real/Electricroad_bbcnews_4.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/2021_11_29_AI_WEATHER_3.wav eval Female spoof
fake/pullnpush_9.wav eval Male spoof
real/elle_haerin_4.wav eval Female bonafide
real/230920_SBS_japan_3.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/AhnJiyoung_AIvoice_thorn_4.wav eval Female spoof
fake/footballmaster_7.wav eval Female spoof
real/KLAB_JeonJu_1.wav eval Female bonafide
real/230914_YTN_Yeogabu_2.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/Swiss_3.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230913_sbs_news_militaryminister_3.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Dean_AIcover_Peaches_7.wav eval Male spoof
real/TOTLIV_INTERVIEW_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230917_MBCNEWS_PaikJongWon_1.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20200908_chungju_9.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/HANI_AIcover_Pretty_3.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230106_chuninbeom_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Swiss_4.wav eval Female spoof
fake/KimDongYull_EveryMoment_2.wav eval Male spoof
real/YTN_allinsoccer_4.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230831_MBC_Chef_6.wav eval Female bonafide
real/230722_Deep_4.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/AI_SWINGS_ETA_2.wav eval Male spoof
real/kane_clip2_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/GangWonFC_NEWS_5.wav eval Female spoof
real/baseballgame_6.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/G-Dragon_AIvoice_firstlove_7.wav eval Male spoof
fake/AhnJiyoung_AIvoice_thorn_2.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230925_sbsnews3_9.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/KimDongYull_LikeIt_7.wav eval Male spoof
real/230716_Physical_9.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/pride_and_prejudice_maleAI_6.wav eval Male spoof
fake/KimDongYull_LikeIt_2.wav eval Male spoof
fake/kkultube_3.wav eval Female spoof
real/230913_SBSNEWS_JOB_1.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/YumiPick_4.wav eval Male spoof
fake/ImJaeBum_HypeBoy_10.wav eval Male spoof
real/jeongdongwon_8.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/AI_SWINGS_DITTO_8.wav eval Male spoof
real/230916CITYvsWHU_9.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/IU_AIcover_writeyournumber_1.wav eval Female spoof
real/hotsikdang_chicken_3.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/AI_SWINGS_ETA_3.wav eval Male spoof
real/TED_Prisoner_Riddle_6.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/ImJaeBum_HypeBoy_6.wav eval Male spoof
real/YTN_allinsoccer_1.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2022_02_04_AI_YOON_3.wav eval Male spoof
fake/kimjungeun_lol_5.wav eval Male spoof
fake/IU_AIcover_dandelion_7.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230925_sbsnews6_1.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230714_Workman_3.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/meanissue_9.wav eval Female spoof
fake/BrunoMars_AIcover_EentHorizon_9.wav eval Male spoof
real/TED_Einsteinparadox_7.wav eval Female bonafide
real/KoreaWales_soccergame_4.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230914_YTN_japan_3.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230921_GAMST_ManchesterUnited_8.wav eval Male bonafide
real/TOTLIV_INTERVIEW_9.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/HaeRin_AIcover_FirstLove_6.wav eval Female spoof
real/nbaissue_4.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/meanissue_6.wav eval Female spoof
fake/IU_AIcover_writeyournumber_10.wav eval Female spoof
fake/KimDongYull_LikeIt_5.wav eval Male spoof
real/YTN_allinsoccer_6.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2021_04_17_AI_ANCHOR_3.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230925_sbsnews4_4.wav eval Male bonafide
real/stoveleague_clip_1.wav eval Female bonafide
real/20230925_sbsnews2_7.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2021_10_05_AI_WEATHER_8.wav eval Female spoof
fake/2023_01_31_AI_WEATHER_6.wav eval Female spoof
real/TED_Rabbit_1.wav eval Male bonafide
real/TED_INCA_7.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230914_Yonhap_Messi_6.wav eval Female bonafide
real/230907_MBC_BREXIT_6.wav eval Male bonafide
real/elle_songhyegyo_1.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/HongChul_9.wav eval Male spoof
fake/Josubin_naver_3.wav eval Female spoof
fake/FreddieMercury_AIcover_oortCloud_6.wav eval Male spoof
fake/KKONGCHI_8.wav eval Male spoof
real/KLAB_JeonJu_2.wav eval Female bonafide
real/baseballgame_3.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/BUZZ_AIcover_haeyo_9.wav eval Male spoof
real/2023president_chusuk_7.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/World_Running_Time_1.wav eval Female spoof
fake/pullnpush_6.wav eval Male spoof
fake/2021_04_15_AI_ANCHOR_1.wav eval Male spoof
fake/2022_03_02_AI_ANCHOR_5.wav eval Female spoof
real/chuucandoit_hair_6.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/wonder0603_1.wav eval Female spoof
fake/AI_SWINGS_ETA_9.wav eval Male spoof
fake/Donghyun_10.wav eval Male spoof
fake/Morgan_Freeman_Singularity_3.wav eval Male spoof
real/230916CITYvsWHU_3.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230913_SBSNEWS_JOB_2.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/pride_and_prejudice_maleAI_9.wav eval Male spoof
fake/KimKyungHo_AIcover_You_3.wav eval Male spoof
real/chuucandoit_hair_1.wav eval Female bonafide
real/TED_Rabbit_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Frontyard_5.wav eval Female spoof
real/hotsikdang_ramen_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230916TOTvsSHE_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/typecast_changbae_10.wav eval Male spoof
fake/2022_02_04_AI_YOON_5.wav eval Male spoof
fake/ZeroTang_2.wav eval Female spoof
real/YTNScienceToday_Love_1.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230907_MBC_BREXIT_4.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2021_04_17_AI_ANCHOR_4.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230507_chuninbeom_8.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/20210702_AI_ANCHOR_5.wav eval Female spoof
real/kane_clip2_4.wav eval Male bonafide
real/Chuucandoit_EP76_5.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/KimDongYull_EveryMoment_8.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230914_mbcnews_japan_3.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/IU_AIcover_nomatterwhere_5.wav eval Female spoof
real/230323_DexInterview_9.wav eval Female bonafide
real/choigangbaseball_talk_9_5.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2021_11_22_AI_WEATHER_4.wav eval Female spoof
real/elle_haerin_2.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/TAKGUYAKI_1.wav eval Female spoof
real/KBS_Soccer_Barain_10.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/kimjungeun_lol_1.wav eval Male spoof
fake/footballmagazine365_9.wav eval Male spoof
real/221027_Hansal_9.wav eval Male bonafide
real/kane_clip2_1.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/LOL_Dopa_9.wav eval Male spoof
fake/HaeRin_AIcover_FirstLove_5.wav eval Female spoof
real/230323_DexInterview_2.wav eval Female bonafide
real/TED_Cuddly_4.wav eval Male bonafide
real/stoveleague_clip_3.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/HongChul_4.wav eval Male spoof
real/230925_MBC_Kangin_8.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/ISU_AIcover_snowflower_4.wav eval Male spoof
fake/Morgan_Freeman_Singularity_8.wav eval Male spoof
real/230916_Deep_2.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/IU_AIcover_dandelion_8.wav eval Female spoof
fake/footballmagazine365_10.wav eval Male spoof
real/201127_ItalyFabri_10.wav eval Male bonafide
real/Conan_WhiteHouseSpeech_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230925_kbsnews8_1.wav eval Female bonafide
real/230708_SBS_AI_3.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/BrunoMars_Hypeboy_5.wav eval Male spoof
real/230914_Yonhap_Messi_4.wav eval Female bonafide
real/ConanShow_Carpool_3.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/ziroud_9.wav eval Male spoof
fake/FreddieMercury_AIcover_oortCloud_3.wav eval Male spoof
fake/AI_PARKMYUNGSOO_NEWJEANS_9.wav eval Male spoof
fake/KKONGCHI_4.wav eval Male spoof
fake/2021_12_21_AI_WEATHER_1.wav eval Female spoof
fake/Winter_AIcover_LoveRunAway_6.wav eval Female spoof
real/230716_Physical_4.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20200908_chungju_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/BrunoMars_Hypeboy_10.wav eval Male spoof
real/ODG_7and5_7.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/centorofrumor_3.wav eval Female spoof
fake/20230710_AI_ANCHOR_5.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230928_handonghoon_3.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2023_06_03_AI_WEATHER_9.wav eval Female spoof
real/TOTLIV_INTERVIEW_10.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2021_11_22_AI_WEATHER_5.wav eval Female spoof
fake/2021_12_21_AI_WEATHER_2.wav eval Female spoof
fake/gridanews_1.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230507_chuninbeom_6.wav eval Male bonafide
real/tottenham_interview_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230824_hanmoonchul_7.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/footballmaster_4.wav eval Female spoof
fake/HaeRin_AIcover_FirstLove_1.wav eval Female spoof
fake/KimDongYull_EveryMoment_4.wav eval Male spoof
real/sbsnews_2.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/LOL_Dopa_4.wav eval Male spoof
fake/pullnpush_5.wav eval Male spoof
real/korea_vs_saudi_3.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20200908_chungju_4.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/TrumpObamaBiden_monster_2.wav eval Male spoof
real/TED_Einsteinparadox_9.wav eval Female bonafide
real/230511_DexInterView_6.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2022_01_21_AI_YOON_7.wav eval Male spoof
fake/BrunoMars_Hypeboy_7.wav eval Male spoof
real/tvshow_radiostar_4.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Chick_2.wav eval Male spoof
fake/Josubin_naver_6.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230925_sbsnews2_9.wav eval Male bonafide
real/TED_BridgeRiddle_6.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/KimDongYull_LikeIt_1.wav eval Male spoof
fake/GD_AIcover_HypeBoy_3.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230926_jtbcnews_4.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/pride_and_prejudice_maleAI_10.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230921_mbc_weather_9.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/HaeRin_AIcover_FirstLove_2.wav eval Female spoof
real/230716_Physical_1.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230925_kbsnews8_3.wav eval Male bonafide
real/KoreaWales_soccergame_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/ziroud_4.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230920_ytn_weather_3.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/Dean_AIcover_Peaches_3.wav eval Male spoof
fake/2021_11_22_AI_WEATHER_3.wav eval Female spoof
fake/G-Dragon_AIvoice_firstlove_2.wav eval Male spoof
fake/AI_SWINGS_DITTO_6.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230925_kbsnews8_7.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/Morgan_Freeman_Singularity_7.wav eval Male spoof
fake/IU_AIcover_writeyournumber_8.wav eval Female spoof
fake/2021_10_05_AI_WEATHER_5.wav eval Female spoof
fake/LOL_Dopa_6.wav eval Male spoof
real/tvshow_radiostar_2.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230914_mbcnews_japan_1.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/HANI_AIcover_Pretty_7.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230926_jtbcnews_9.wav eval Female bonafide
real/KBS_Soccer_Barain_4.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/AI_PARKMYUNGSOO_NEWJEANS_5.wav eval Male spoof
fake/brothers_karamazov_maleAI_10.wav eval Male spoof
fake/HANI_AIcover_Pretty_8.wav eval Female spoof
real/presidentyoon_ai_1.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230914_YTN_japan_6.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230920_ytn_weather_8.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/KimKyungHo_AIcover_You_1.wav eval Male spoof
real/230708_SBS_AI_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230913_sbs_news_militaryminister_2.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/GD_AIcover_HypeBoy_6.wav eval Male spoof
fake/Yonsei_4.wav eval Male spoof
fake/AI_ANCHOR_KIMJOOHA_2.wav eval Female spoof
fake/HaeRin_AIcover_FirstLove_10.wav eval Female spoof
real/221027_Hansal_4.wav eval Male bonafide
real/shootforlove_son1_2.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230920_ytn_weather_6.wav eval Female bonafide
real/230511_DexInterView_10.wav eval Male bonafide
real/parkeunbin_interview_10.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/YumiPick_1.wav eval Male spoof
real/leejaemyung_2.wav eval Male bonafide
real/wkorea_danielle_4.wav eval Female bonafide
real/Electricroad_bbcnews_6.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/AI_SWINGS_ETA_4.wav eval Male spoof
fake/brothers_karamazov_maleAI_9.wav eval Male spoof
fake/ImJaeBum_HypeBoy_1.wav eval Male spoof
fake/pride_and_prejudice_maleAI_8.wav eval Male spoof
real/230926_HanJuneTV_10.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Yonsei_5.wav eval Male spoof
real/elle_songhyegyo_10.wav eval Female bonafide
real/bdns_lgtwins_8.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Gerrard_1.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230927_sbsmorning_1.wav eval Female bonafide
real/elle_hanni_10.wav eval Female bonafide
real/Obama_DNC_Speech_3.wav eval Male bonafide
real/TED_Cuddly_10.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/AMF_3.wav eval Male spoof
fake/GD_AIcover_HypeBoy_2.wav eval Male spoof
real/kane_clip_1.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2021_04_17_AI_ANCHOR_7.wav eval Male spoof
real/230511_DexInterView_8.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230916_Deep_3.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/Gerrard_9.wav eval Male spoof
fake/FBCKtv_8.wav eval Female spoof
fake/todayistoday_8.wav eval Female spoof
fake/G-Dragon_AIvoice_firstlove_3.wav eval Male spoof
real/230824_hanmoonchul_1.wav eval Male bonafide
real/KLAB_JeonJu_7.wav eval Female bonafide
real/stoveleague_clip_10.wav eval Male bonafide
real/youquiz_EP191_2.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230921_mbc_weather_2.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/TAKGUYAKI_7.wav eval Female spoof
fake/Dean_AIcover_Peaches_4.wav eval Male spoof
real/230323_DexInterview_8.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/gridanews_10.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230928_handonghoon_8.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/MissYou_ImJaeBum_4.wav eval Male spoof
fake/SportsOneChaser_7.wav eval Female spoof
fake/BrunoMars_AIcover_EentHorizon_8.wav eval Male spoof
fake/FreddieMercury_AIcover_oortCloud_1.wav eval Male spoof
real/2020president_chusuk_7.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230913_sbs_news_airbnb_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/221231_Hansal_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/kane_clip_3.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Debate_7.wav eval Female spoof
real/elle_haerin_3.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/2023_01_31_AI_WEATHER_7.wav eval Female spoof
real/KBS_Soccer_Barain_7.wav eval Male bonafide
real/chuucandoit_hair_8.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/typecast_hobin_1.wav eval Male spoof
fake/KimKyungHo_AIcover_You_7.wav eval Male spoof
fake/2022_01_21_AI_YOON_6.wav eval Male spoof
fake/ziroud_2.wav eval Male spoof
real/mnet_kimchaewon_4.wav eval Female bonafide
real/YTNScienceToday_Love_9.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230824_hanmoonchul_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/GangWonFC_NEWS_2.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230925_ytnweather_9.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/Leesooji_naver_9.wav eval Female spoof
fake/kkultube_7.wav eval Female spoof
fake/AI_PARKMYUNGSOO_NEWJEANS_6.wav eval Male spoof
fake/IU_AIcover_nomatterwhere_8.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230920_yagubujang_9.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230921_mbc_weather_7.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/G-Dragon_AIvoice_firstlove_1.wav eval Male spoof
real/TED_benifits_of_bilingual_6.wav eval Female bonafide
real/wkorea_danielle_1.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/Debate_2.wav eval Female spoof
real/tottenham_interview_1.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/kkultube_9.wav eval Female spoof
real/ESPN_POGBA_1.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Tetris_7.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230926_jtbcnews_8.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/Tetris_5.wav eval Male spoof
fake/LOL_WORLDS_REACTION_2.wav eval Female spoof
real/ConanShow_Carpool_7.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Gerrard_5.wav eval Male spoof
real/230916_Deep_7.wav eval Female bonafide
real/230714_Workman_1.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/BUZZ_AIcover_haeyo_6.wav eval Male spoof
fake/GScampus_1.wav eval Female spoof
real/230716_Physical_8.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Double_1.wav eval Male spoof
fake/NDH_Blueclub_3.wav eval Male spoof
real/KBS_Soccer_Barain_8.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/HANI_AIcover_OffMyFace_9.wav eval Female spoof
fake/footballmaster_8.wav eval Female spoof
fake/Howtomake_AIcover_8.wav eval Male spoof
real/230914_Yonhap_Messi_8.wav eval Female bonafide
real/ODG_7and5_4.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/Morgan_Freeman_Singularity_5.wav eval Male spoof
real/230716_Physical_2.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230701_Deep_10.wav eval Female+Male bonafide
fake/KwonEunBi_9.wav eval Female spoof
real/230916CITYvsWHU_1.wav eval Male bonafide
real/221231_Hansal_4.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230913_sbs_news_militaryminister_1.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/HongChul_8.wav eval Male spoof
fake/YumiPick_9.wav eval Male spoof
real/Chuucandoit_EP76_2.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/brothers_karamazov_maleAI_4.wav eval Male spoof
fake/HongChul_6.wav eval Male spoof
fake/BUZZ_AIcover_haeyo_10.wav eval Male spoof
fake/footballmaster_9.wav eval Female spoof
real/YTN_allinsoccer_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/typecast_hobin_7.wav eval Male spoof
real/230921_GAMST_ManchesterUnited_6.wav eval Male bonafide
real/choigangbaseball_talk_9_1.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/G-Dragon_AIvoice_firstlove_5.wav eval Male spoof
real/230922_ImYuJin_5.wav eval Female bonafide
real/230610_Deep_4.wav eval Male bonafide
real/Chuucandoit_EP76_4.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/ISU_AIcover_snowflower_10.wav eval Male spoof
real/230917_MBCNEWS_PaikJongWon_3.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/typecast_rion_4.wav eval Male spoof
real/221124_Hansal_10.wav eval Female+Male bonafide
real/bbc_news_korea_northkorea_4.wav eval Female bonafide
real/ODG_7and5_3.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/Howtomake_AIcover_3.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230925_sbsnews7_4.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/typecast_changbae_2.wav eval Male spoof
real/230925_MBC_Kangin_3.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230928_handonghoon_5.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/YounHa_AIcover_sim_7.wav eval Female spoof
real/bdns_lgtwins_7.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230913_SBSNEWS_Iphone_3.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230907_MBC_BREXIT_9.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230610_Deep_3.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230925_sbsnews3_4.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230915_YTN_northkorea_7.wav eval Female bonafide
real/TED_Cuddly_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/stoveleague_clip_9.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/pride_and_prejudice_maleAI_3.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230925_sbsnews1_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/wonder0603_9.wav eval Female spoof
fake/ZeroTang_6.wav eval Female spoof
fake/FBCKtv_7.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230920_yagubujang_3.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/FreddieMercury_AIcover_oortCloud_7.wav eval Male spoof
fake/footballmaster_6.wav eval Female spoof
real/201127_ItalyFabri_3.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Swiss_2.wav eval Female spoof
fake/pride_and_prejudice_maleAI_5.wav eval Male spoof
fake/AI_SWINGS_DITTO_3.wav eval Male spoof
real/ConanShow_Carpool_6.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/ImJaeBum_HypeBoy_4.wav eval Male spoof
fake/AI_SWINGS_ETA_6.wav eval Male spoof
real/230914_Yonhap_Messi_9.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/GGTIP_10_3.wav eval Male spoof
fake/GGTIP_10_7.wav eval Male spoof
real/TED_Cuddly_2.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230920_yagubujang_8.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230927_handonghoon_8.wav eval Male bonafide
real/Conan_WhiteHouseSpeech_9.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230913_SBSNEWS_Iphone_7.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2022_11_19_AI_WEATHER_7.wav eval Female spoof
real/Obama_DNC_Speech_8.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230920_ytn_weather_1.wav eval Female bonafide
real/20230926_jtbcnews_3.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/kimjungeun_lol_8.wav eval Male spoof
real/KBS_Soccer_Barain_2.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230921_MBC_KimHang_5.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2023_06_03_AI_WEATHER_8.wav eval Female spoof
fake/GangWonFC_NEWS_6.wav eval Female spoof
real/KLAB_Argentina_7.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230914sbsenter_7.wav eval Female bonafide
real/221231_Hansal_1.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2022_03_13_AI_WEATHER_1.wav eval Female spoof
fake/World_Running_Time_4.wav eval Female spoof
real/Obama_DNC_Speech_9.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230716_Physical_6.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/TAKGUYAKI_10.wav eval Female spoof
fake/Yonsei_10.wav eval Male spoof
fake/pride_and_prejudice_maleAI_1.wav eval Male spoof
real/230824_hanmoonchul_9.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230106_chuninbeom_7.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230921_MBC_KimHang_10.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/NDH_Blueclub_2.wav eval Male spoof
fake/HANI_AIcover_PainKiller_7.wav eval Female spoof
fake/NDH_Blueclub_1.wav eval Male spoof
real/korea_vs_saudi_4.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230701_Deep_7.wav eval Female+Male bonafide
real/230916_Deep_5.wav eval Female bonafide
real/tottenham_interview_10.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230723_Physical_8.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230921_GAMST_ManchesterUnited_7.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230925_sbsnews7_1.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Tetris_1.wav eval Male spoof
real/Electricroad_bbcnews_7.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/BrunoMars_AIcover_EentHorizon_6.wav eval Male spoof
real/230714_Workman_6.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/typecast_changbae_4.wav eval Male spoof
fake/2023_06_03_AI_WEATHER_2.wav eval Female spoof
real/230723_Physical_7.wav eval Male bonafide
real/hotsikdang_ramen_4.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/HANI_AIcover_PainKiller_6.wav eval Female spoof
fake/typecast_hobin_6.wav eval Male spoof
real/230916CITYvsWHU_5.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Winter_AIcover_LoveRunAway_3.wav eval Female spoof
fake/IU_AIcover_dandelion_5.wav eval Female spoof
real/TED_Einsteinparadox_2.wav eval Female bonafide
real/baseballgame_7.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2021_12_21_AI_WEATHER_3.wav eval Female spoof
fake/Chick_1.wav eval Male spoof
real/baseballgame_1.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230915_YTN_northkorea_9.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/Donghyun_6.wav eval Male spoof
fake/typecast_changbae_9.wav eval Male spoof
real/youquiz_EP179_1.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2021_11_29_AI_WEATHER_7.wav eval Female spoof
real/elle_yeji_7.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/AMF_1.wav eval Male spoof
real/230914_YTN_Yeogabu_3.wav eval Female bonafide
real/youquiz_EP179_4.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/World_Running_Time_3.wav eval Female spoof
real/TED_Prisoner_Riddle_8.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/gridanews_9.wav eval Male spoof
real/mnet_kimchaewon_3.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/brothers_karamazov_femaleAI_3.wav eval Female spoof
fake/Tetris_6.wav eval Male spoof
real/230723_Physical_4.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230926_jtbcnews_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Frontyard_1.wav eval Female spoof
real/230824_hanmoonchul_10.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/KKONGCHI_6.wav eval Male spoof
real/221027_Hansal_1.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/FBCKtv_6.wav eval Female spoof
fake/GGTIP_10_2.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230106_chuninbeom_4.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Chutul_Cookie_10.wav eval Male spoof
real/2020president_chusuk_6.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2021_10_05_AI_WEATHER_9.wav eval Female spoof
real/Chuucandoit_EP76_7.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/GScampus_6.wav eval Female spoof
fake/AI_SWINGS_DITTO_1.wav eval Male spoof
real/tottenham_interview_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Donghyun_5.wav eval Male spoof
real/221231_Hansal_3.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/ImJaeBum_HypeBoy_2.wav eval Male spoof
real/sbsnews_3.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230921_MBC_KimHang_7.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/gridanews_2.wav eval Male spoof
fake/IU_AIcover_writeyournumber_6.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230106_chuninbeom_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230701_Deep_5.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/HongChul_7.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230507_chuninbeom_9.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Dean_AIcover_Peaches_6.wav eval Male spoof
fake/20230710_AI_ANCHOR_1.wav eval Female spoof
real/230323_DexInterview_1.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/20210702_AI_ANCHOR_3.wav eval Female spoof
fake/IU_AIcover_dandelion_10.wav eval Female spoof
fake/2021_10_05_AI_WEATHER_3.wav eval Female spoof
real/230723_Physical_5.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/BrunoMars_Hypeboy_2.wav eval Male spoof
fake/Debate_1.wav eval Female spoof
real/230913_SBSNEWS_Iphone_4.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230921_MBC_KimHang_1.wav eval Male bonafide
real/KBS_Soccer_Barain_6.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/AI_ANCHOR_KIMJOOHA_5.wav eval Female spoof
real/ConanShow_Carpool_9.wav eval Male bonafide
real/Obama_DNC_Speech_2.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230708_SBS_AI_1.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230913_SBSNEWS_Iphone_6.wav eval Male bonafide
real/elle_hanni_1.wav eval Female bonafide
real/nbaissue_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/hotsikdang_ramen_2.wav eval Male bonafide
real/221027_Hansal_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Tetris_8.wav eval Male spoof
real/TED_Einsteinparadox_4.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/NDH_Blueclub_9.wav eval Male spoof
real/201127_ItalyFabri_8.wav eval Male bonafide
real/jeongdongwon_7.wav eval Male bonafide
real/2023president_chusuk_1.wav eval Male bonafide
real/kane_clip2_5.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/centorofrumor_5.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230925_sbsnews6_10.wav eval Male bonafide
real/201127_ItalyFabri_6.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/LOL_Combi_4.wav eval Male spoof
fake/BrunoMars_Hypeboy_1.wav eval Male spoof
fake/KimDongYull_LikeIt_9.wav eval Male spoof
fake/centorofrumor_4.wav eval Female spoof
real/230913_SBSNEWS_JOB_7.wav eval Male bonafide
real/KLAB_JeonJu_5.wav eval Female bonafide
real/TED_Prisoner_Riddle_4.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230323_DexInterview_7.wav eval Female bonafide
real/jtbc_news_saban_4.wav eval Male bonafide
real/ggondaehee_moonseyoon_1.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230511_DexInterView_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/youquiz_EP179_6.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230925_sbsnews5_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/KLAB_JeonJu_10.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/YounHa_AIcover_sim_6.wav eval Female spoof
real/elle_haerin_8.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/BUZZ_AIcover_haeyo_3.wav eval Male spoof
real/230921_MBC_KimHang_3.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/LOL_WORLDS_REACTION_1.wav eval Female spoof
fake/JangBeomJune_AIcover_monologue_9.wav eval Male spoof
fake/TrumpObamaBiden_monster_6.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230925_sbsnews5_2.wav eval Male bonafide
real/elle_hanni_5.wav eval Female bonafide
real/netflix_dp_10.wav eval Male bonafide
real/2020president_chusuk_4.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2021_11_29_AI_WEATHER_1.wav eval Female spoof
fake/Debate_8.wav eval Female spoof
fake/IU_AIcover_writeyournumber_4.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230927_ytnweather_9.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/AI_YOON_VIDEO2_1.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230920_yagubujang_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2021_04_17_AI_ANCHOR_8.wav eval Male spoof
real/netflix_dp_7.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230927_ytnweather_2.wav eval Female bonafide
real/youquiz_EP191_7.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/AI_SWINGS_ETA_1.wav eval Male spoof
real/bbc_news_korea_northkorea_9.wav eval Female bonafide
real/221231_Hansal_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/YumiPick_7.wav eval Male spoof
fake/Swiss_10.wav eval Female spoof
real/TED_benifits_of_bilingual_8.wav eval Female bonafide
real/elle_yeji_4.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/GangWonFC_NEWS_8.wav eval Female spoof
real/230610_Deep_2.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230915_YTN_northkorea_1.wav eval Female bonafide
real/presidentyoon_ai_5.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/brothers_karamazov_maleAI_3.wav eval Male spoof
fake/LOL_Dopa_5.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230925_sbsnews1_4.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2021_12_21_AI_WEATHER_4.wav eval Female spoof
fake/centorofrumor_7.wav eval Female spoof
fake/HANI_AIcover_OffMyFace_8.wav eval Female spoof
real/elle_haerin_6.wav eval Female bonafide
real/elle_songhyegyo_8.wav eval Female bonafide
real/jeongdongwon_1.wav eval Male bonafide
real/hotsikdang_ramen_1.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230925_ytnweather_1.wav eval Female bonafide
real/TED_Einsteinparadox_3.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/Winter_AIcover_LoveRunAway_4.wav eval Female spoof
fake/KimDongYull_LikeIt_3.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230914sbsenter_2.wav eval Female bonafide
real/230922_ImYuJin_7.wav eval Female bonafide
real/youquiz_EP191_1.wav eval Male bonafide
real/TED_Blob_Riddle_6.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Morgan_Freeman_Singularity_2.wav eval Male spoof
real/Mark_Zuckerberg_Harvard_Address_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/TED_Einsteinparadox_1.wav eval Female bonafide
real/netflix_dp_1.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230701_Deep_3.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/ISU_AIcover_snowflower_6.wav eval Male spoof
real/2023president_chusuk_4.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/MissYou_ImJaeBum_10.wav eval Male spoof
fake/KwonEunBi_7.wav eval Female spoof
fake/LOL_WORLDS_REACTION_5.wav eval Female spoof
fake/Howtomake_AIcover_10.wav eval Male spoof
real/ggondaehee_moonseyoon_3.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/footballmaster_3.wav eval Female spoof
fake/IU_AIcover_nomatterwhere_7.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230925_sbsnews4_9.wav eval Male bonafide
real/TED_Prisoner_Riddle_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2022_01_21_AI_YOON_3.wav eval Male spoof
real/230914_YTN_japan_1.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230920_SBS_japan_1.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2021_12_21_AI_WEATHER_9.wav eval Female spoof
fake/pride_and_prejudice_maleAI_2.wav eval Male spoof
real/TED_Prisoner_Riddle_1.wav eval Male bonafide
real/221027_Hansal_6.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230916CITYvsWHU_4.wav eval Male bonafide
real/baseballgame_5.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/MonsterMouse_Goodbye_3.wav eval Male spoof
fake/KimKyungHo_AIcover_You_5.wav eval Male spoof
fake/20210702_AI_ANCHOR_1.wav eval Female spoof
fake/typecast_changbae_8.wav eval Male spoof
fake/todayistoday_9.wav eval Female spoof
fake/Chutul_Cookie_7.wav eval Male spoof
fake/GGTIP_10_6.wav eval Male spoof
real/KLAB_JeonJu_3.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/LOL_Dopa_7.wav eval Male spoof
real/leejaemyung_4.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230917_MBCNEWS_PaikJongWon_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/2020president_chusuk_1.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/LOL_WORLDS_REACTION_6.wav eval Female spoof
fake/20230710_AI_ANCHOR_3.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230919_ytn_weather_7.wav eval Female bonafide
real/20230928_handonghoon_1.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/KwonEunBi_8.wav eval Female spoof
fake/IU_AIcover_dandelion_6.wav eval Female spoof
real/netflix_dp_3.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/AI_PARKMYUNGSOO_NEWJEANS_4.wav eval Male spoof
real/jeongdongwon_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/elle_yeji_2.wav eval Female bonafide
real/ODG_7and5_8.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/IU_AIcover_writeyournumber_9.wav eval Female spoof
fake/HANI_AIcover_Pretty_5.wav eval Female spoof
real/230722_Deep_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/20210702_AI_ANCHOR_10.wav eval Female spoof
fake/HANI_AIcover_PainKiller_2.wav eval Female spoof
real/230926_HanJuneTV_9.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/BUZZ_AIcover_haeyo_4.wav eval Male spoof
real/230921_GAMST_ManchesterUnited_9.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/SportsOneChaser_1.wav eval Female spoof
fake/ZeroTang_1.wav eval Female spoof
fake/footballmagazine365_7.wav eval Male spoof
fake/Debate_6.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230927_handonghoon_6.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/brothers_karamazov_femaleAI_4.wav eval Female spoof
real/podcast_3.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/IU_AIcover_dandelion_3.wav eval Female spoof
fake/ZeroTang_4.wav eval Female spoof
fake/centorofrumor_2.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230921_mbc_weather_5.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/typecast_changbae_7.wav eval Male spoof
real/YTNScienceToday_Love_7.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Double_4.wav eval Male spoof
fake/footballmagazine365_1.wav eval Male spoof
real/tvshow_radiostar_3.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230916TOTvsSHE_7.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230925_sbsnews2_3.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/20210702_AI_ANCHOR_7.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230925_sbsnews3_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/KLAB_JeonJu_6.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/Leesooji_naver_4.wav eval Female spoof
real/TED_Einsteinparadox_10.wav eval Female bonafide
real/elle_songhyegyo_3.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/World_Running_Time_2.wav eval Female spoof
fake/MissYou_ImJaeBum_9.wav eval Male spoof
real/221027_Hansal_8.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230106_chuninbeom_1.wav eval Male bonafide
real/leejaemyung_3.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/ISU_AIcover_snowflower_8.wav eval Male spoof
fake/JangBeomJune_AIcover_monologue_8.wav eval Male spoof
fake/KwonEunBi_2.wav eval Female spoof
fake/ImJaeBum_HypeBoy_5.wav eval Male spoof
fake/BrunoMars_AIcover_EentHorizon_10.wav eval Male spoof
fake/AI_SWINGS_DITTO_4.wav eval Male spoof
fake/Chutul_Cookie_2.wav eval Male spoof
fake/LOL_Combi_10.wav eval Male spoof
real/netflix_dp_8.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/20210702_AI_ANCHOR_6.wav eval Female spoof
real/230922_ImYuJin_3.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/SportsOneChaser_3.wav eval Female spoof
fake/LOL_Combi_2.wav eval Male spoof
fake/KKONGCHI_3.wav eval Male spoof
fake/2022_03_02_AI_ANCHOR_3.wav eval Female spoof
fake/ISU_AIcover_snowflower_5.wav eval Male spoof
fake/typecast_hobin_5.wav eval Male spoof
real/bdns_lgtwins_6.wav eval Male bonafide
real/kane_clip_4.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2023_01_31_AI_WEATHER_3.wav eval Female spoof
real/tvshow_radiostar_1.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230511_DexInterView_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/TAKGUYAKI_9.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230919_ytn_weather_4.wav eval Female bonafide
real/KBS_Soccer_Barain_9.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Dean_AIcover_Peaches_9.wav eval Male spoof
fake/Tetris_10.wav eval Male spoof
fake/typecast_rion_2.wav eval Male spoof
fake/20210702_AI_ANCHOR_8.wav eval Female spoof
real/230824_hanmoonchul_4.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/AI_PARKMYUNGSOO_NEWJEANS_8.wav eval Male spoof
real/hotsikdang_chicken_1.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Chick_5.wav eval Male spoof
real/221124_Hansal_3.wav eval Female bonafide
real/230926_HanJuneTV_4.wav eval Male bonafide
real/TED_Rabbit_6.wav eval Male bonafide
real/TED_BridgeRiddle_9.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230920_yagubujang_5.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/AI_SWINGS_DITTO_7.wav eval Male spoof
real/230914_YTN_japan_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/hotsikdang_ramen_8.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20200908_chungju_1.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230507_chuninbeom_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/ggondaehee_moonseyoon_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/YounHa_AIcover_sim_8.wav eval Female spoof
real/230921_MBC_KimHang_2.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230916TOTvsSHE_5.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/GScampus_7.wav eval Female spoof
fake/IU_AIcover_writeyournumber_5.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230920_yagubujang_1.wav eval Male bonafide
real/TED_Prisoner_Riddle_3.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/HANI_AIcover_OffMyFace_3.wav eval Female spoof
real/bdns_lgtwins_2.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230913_sbs_news_airbnb_6.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230925_sbsnews3_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Chutul_Cookie_8.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230925_sbsnews7_3.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230907_MBC_BREXIT_7.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2021_10_05_AI_WEATHER_7.wav eval Female spoof
fake/Dean_AIcover_Peaches_5.wav eval Male spoof
real/elle_yeji_8.wav eval Female bonafide
real/230722_Deep_8.wav eval Male bonafide
real/TED_Rabbit_4.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/kimjungeun_lol_4.wav eval Male spoof
real/bbc_news_korea_northkorea_7.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/GScampus_10.wav eval Female spoof
real/presidentyoon_ai_2.wav eval Male bonafide
real/Conan_WhiteHouseSpeech_10.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230714_Workman_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230922_ImYuJin_8.wav eval Female bonafide
real/Obama_DNC_Speech_6.wav eval Male bonafide
real/mnet_kimchaewon_2.wav eval Female bonafide
real/KLAB_JeonJu_8.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/IU_AIcover_nomatterwhere_2.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230925_sbsnews3_10.wav eval Male bonafide
real/Electricroad_bbcnews_2.wav eval Female bonafide
real/230925_MBC_Kangin_1.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230925_sbsnews4_6.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Debate_3.wav eval Female spoof
fake/ImJaeBum_HypeBoy_9.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230921_mbc_weather_1.wav eval Female bonafide
real/jtbc_news_saban_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/youquiz_EP179_2.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230914_Yonhap_Messi_3.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/KKONGCHI_10.wav eval Male spoof
fake/JangBeomJune_AIcover_monologue_2.wav eval Male spoof
fake/YumiPick_3.wav eval Male spoof
real/chuucandoit_hair_2.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/GGTIP_10_5.wav eval Male spoof
real/Mark_Zuckerberg_Harvard_Address_3.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/KKONGCHI_9.wav eval Male spoof
fake/Chick_4.wav eval Male spoof
real/230722_Deep_1.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/YumiPick_6.wav eval Male spoof
real/230708_SBS_AI_6.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230925_sbsnews6_9.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230925_sbsnews2_10.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/GD_AIcover_HypeBoy_10.wav eval Male spoof
fake/footballmaster_2.wav eval Female spoof
real/TED_Blob_Riddle_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/todayistoday_1.wav eval Female spoof
fake/AI_SWINGS_ETA_10.wav eval Male spoof
fake/footballmagazine365_2.wav eval Male spoof
fake/IU_AIcover_nomatterwhere_10.wav eval Female spoof
real/KoreaWales_soccergame_3.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Yonsei_7.wav eval Male spoof
fake/FBCKtv_10.wav eval Female spoof
fake/AhnJiyoung_AIvoice_thorn_7.wav eval Female spoof
real/230921_GAMST_ManchesterUnited_2.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230928_handonghoon_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/MissYou_ImJaeBum_5.wav eval Male spoof
real/230714_Workman_7.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230925_sbsnews4_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/TED_INCA_1.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/NDH_Blueclub_5.wav eval Male spoof
real/TED_INCA_4.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/AI_PARKMYUNGSOO_NEWJEANS_2.wav eval Male spoof
real/elle_haerin_5.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/2022_03_13_AI_WEATHER_2.wav eval Female spoof
real/TED_Blob_Riddle_3.wav eval Male bonafide
real/hotsikdang_chicken_7.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230925_ytnweather_3.wav eval Female bonafide
real/nbaissue_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/footballmagazine365_4.wav eval Male spoof
fake/2021_10_05_AI_WEATHER_4.wav eval Female spoof
fake/BrunoMars_Hypeboy_6.wav eval Male spoof
real/korea_vs_saudi_1.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/AI_YOON_VIDEO2_4.wav eval Male spoof
real/230913_SBSNEWS_Iphone_2.wav eval Female bonafide
real/parkeunbin_interview_1.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/wonder0603_4.wav eval Female spoof
fake/TrumpObamaBiden_monster_1.wav eval Male spoof
fake/Swiss_7.wav eval Female spoof
fake/BUZZ_AIcover_haeyo_5.wav eval Male spoof
fake/todayistoday_7.wav eval Female spoof
fake/Gerrard_7.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230925_sbsnews2_6.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/TrumpObamaBiden_monster_8.wav eval Male spoof
fake/2021_04_15_AI_ANCHOR_5.wav eval Male spoof
fake/Chutul_Cookie_4.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230919_ytn_weather_1.wav eval Female bonafide
real/elle_hanni_3.wav eval Female bonafide
real/TED_Blob_Riddle_10.wav eval Male bonafide
real/chuucandoit_hair_10.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/FBCKtv_1.wav eval Female spoof
fake/2023_01_31_AI_WEATHER_2.wav eval Female spoof
real/parkeunbin_interview_5.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/IU_AIcover_dandelion_2.wav eval Female spoof
real/230916_Deep_4.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/kimjungeun_lol_3.wav eval Male spoof
fake/Howtomake_AIcover_4.wav eval Male spoof
fake/Leesooji_naver_2.wav eval Female spoof
fake/BUZZ_AIcover_haeyo_8.wav eval Male spoof
real/230916TOTvsSHE_3.wav eval Male bonafide
real/hotsikdang_chicken_4.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230922_ImYuJin_1.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/YounHa_AIcover_sim_3.wav eval Female spoof
real/230708_SBS_AI_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/GScampus_9.wav eval Female spoof
real/2020president_chusuk_5.wav eval Male bonafide
real/TED_Einsteinparadox_6.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/gridanews_4.wav eval Male spoof
real/ConanShow_Carpool_2.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230925_sbsnews2_1.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/HANI_AIcover_Pretty_4.wav eval Female spoof
fake/AI_SWINGS_DITTO_10.wav eval Male spoof
fake/Yonsei_9.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230928_handonghoon_7.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Leesooji_naver_6.wav eval Female spoof
real/20200908_chungju_3.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230927_handonghoon_4.wav eval Male bonafide
real/TED_INCA_10.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230925_sbsnews1_7.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/KKONGCHI_7.wav eval Male spoof
fake/ImJaeBum_HypeBoy_7.wav eval Male spoof
fake/centorofrumor_8.wav eval Female spoof
fake/ISU_AIcover_snowflower_9.wav eval Male spoof
fake/JangBeomJune_AIcover_monologue_4.wav eval Male spoof
real/230926_HanJuneTV_3.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/KwonEunBi_5.wav eval Female spoof
real/bbc_news_korea_northkorea_10.wav eval Female bonafide
real/230323_DexInterview_3.wav eval Female bonafide
real/221124_Hansal_9.wav eval Female+Male bonafide
real/221027_Hansal_3.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/BrunoMars_AIcover_EentHorizon_1.wav eval Male spoof
real/230916_Deep_6.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/2022_01_21_AI_YOON_1.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230507_chuninbeom_10.wav eval Male bonafide
real/baseballgame_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/HANI_AIcover_Pretty_9.wav eval Female spoof
real/230824_hanmoonchul_5.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2021_04_17_AI_ANCHOR_6.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230927_handonghoon_9.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/brothers_karamazov_maleAI_5.wav eval Male spoof
real/kane_clip_2.wav eval Male bonafide
real/TED_benifits_of_bilingual_9.wav eval Female bonafide
real/TED_Cuddly_3.wav eval Male bonafide
real/TED_benifits_of_bilingual_4.wav eval Female bonafide
real/230916_Deep_10.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/kkultube_4.wav eval Female spoof
real/ESPN_POGBA_2.wav eval Male bonafide
real/YTN_allinsoccer_3.wav eval Male bonafide
real/221124_Hansal_2.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/Donghyun_7.wav eval Male spoof
fake/HongChul_10.wav eval Male spoof
fake/AhnJiyoung_AIvoice_thorn_9.wav eval Female spoof
fake/gridanews_7.wav eval Male spoof
real/ConanShow_Carpool_5.wav eval Female+Male bonafide
real/shootforlove_son1_6.wav eval Male bonafide
real/choigangbaseball_talk_9_3.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Tetris_9.wav eval Male spoof
real/230920_SBS_japan_4.wav eval Male bonafide
real/jeongdongwon_3.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/typecast_rion_6.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230920_yagubujang_7.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230106_chuninbeom_9.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/G-Dragon_AIvoice_firstlove_8.wav eval Male spoof
real/elle_haerin_9.wav eval Female bonafide
real/20230925_sbsnews4_3.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230106_chuninbeom_10.wav eval Male bonafide
real/TED_Cuddly_1.wav eval Male bonafide
real/TED_Einsteinparadox_5.wav eval Female bonafide
real/20230920_ytn_weather_10.wav eval Female bonafide
real/chuucandoit_hair_4.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/AI_YOON_VIDEO2_3.wav eval Male spoof
real/TED_BridgeRiddle_1.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/LOL_Dopa_3.wav eval Male spoof
real/shootforlove_son1_1.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/20230710_AI_ANCHOR_4.wav eval Female spoof
fake/SportsOneChaser_2.wav eval Female spoof
real/shootforlove_son1_3.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230920_yagubujang_6.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/Swiss_6.wav eval Female spoof
fake/2021_04_15_AI_ANCHOR_4.wav eval Male spoof
real/201127_ItalyFabri_2.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230925_sbsnews4_2.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/2022_02_04_AI_YOON_4.wav eval Male spoof
fake/MonsterMouse_Goodbye_9.wav eval Male spoof
fake/HaeRin_AIcover_FirstLove_3.wav eval Female spoof
real/20230920_ytn_weather_2.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/Howtomake_AIcover_5.wav eval Male spoof
real/20230919_ytn_weather_6.wav eval Female bonafide
real/230610_Deep_1.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230723_Physical_9.wav eval Male bonafide
fake/FBCKtv_9.wav eval Female spoof
real/230916CITYvsWHU_2.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230511_DexInterView_3.wav eval Male bonafide
real/TOTLIV_INTERVIEW_1.wav eval Male bonafide
real/Electricroad_bbcnews_1.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/gridanews_8.wav eval Male spoof
fake/IU_AIcover_nomatterwhere_3.wav eval Female spoof
fake/AI_ANCHOR_KIMJOOHA_4.wav eval Female spoof
real/230701_Deep_8.wav eval Female+Male bonafide
real/hotsikdang_ramen_6.wav eval Male bonafide
real/230716_Physical_3.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230925_sbsnews1_1.wav eval Male bonafide
real/elle_haerin_7.wav eval Female bonafide
real/KoreaWales_soccergame_1.wav eval Male bonafide
real/20230927_ytnweather_10.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/KwonEunBi_3.wav eval Female spoof
fake/kkultube_10.wav eval Female spoof
real/230831_MBC_Chef_7.wav eval Female bonafide
real/TED_INCA_9.wav eval Male bonafide
real/elle_songhyegyo_5.wav eval Female bonafide
real/230915_YTN_northkorea_8.wav eval Female bonafide
fake/LOL_Combi_3.wav eval Male spoof
